
Beginner Level Tasks:

1.Write a program that prints "Hello, World!" to the console.

Write a program that takes user input and outputs it to the console.

Write a program that calculates the sum of two numbers.

Write a program that calculates the factorial of a given number.

Write a program that determines if a given number is even or odd.

Write a program that finds the largest number in an array.

Write a program that finds the second largest number in an array.

Write a program that finds the sum of all even numbers in an array.

Write a program that finds the sum of all odd numbers in an array.

Write a program that reverses a string.


Intermediate Level Tasks:


Write a program that finds the first N prime numbers.

Write a program that sorts an array of integers using the Bubble Sort algorithm.

Write a program that sorts an array of integers using the Merge Sort algorithm.

Write a program that finds the Fibonacci sequence up to a given number.

Write a program that generates a random password.

Write a program that generates a random number between two given numbers.

Write a program that converts a decimal number to binary.

Write a program that finds the highest occurring character in a string.

Write a program that calculates the area and perimeter of a circle.

Write a program that calculates the area and perimeter of a rectangle.


Advanced Level Tasks:


Write a program that implements a binary search algorithm.

Write a program that implements a selection sort algorithm.

Write a program that implements a linked list data structure.

Write a program that implements a hash table data structure.

Write a program that implements a binary tree data structure.

Write a program that implements a graph data structure.

Write a program that implements a Dijkstra's algorithm.

Write a program that implements a Breadth-first search algorithm.

Write a program that implements a Depth-first search algorithm.

Write a program that implements a Bellman-Ford algorithm.


Expert Level Tasks:


Write a program that implements a Huffman coding algorithm.

Write a program that implements a Monte Carlo simulation.

Write a program that implements a genetic algorithm.

Write a program that implements a neural network.

Write a program that implements a support vector machine.

Write a program that implements a k-nearest neighbor algorithm.

Write a program that implements a decision tree algorithm.

Write a program that implements a random forest algorithm.

Write a program that implements a linear regression algorithm.

Write a program that implements a logistic regression algorithm.

